model_templates/inference/h2o_mojo/README.md, before:

## H2O Mojo Template

These models are intended to work with the [Java H2O Drop-In Environment](../../public_dropin_environments/java_h2o/).

The models provided in each folder are H2O models exported as MOJOs.  For more details see [H2O MOJO](http://docs.h2o.ai/h2o/latest-stable/h2o-docs/productionizing.html)


### Instructions

Upload H2O Mojo file (Modern Object, Optimized) and use the Java H2O Drop-In Environment with it.  Mojo file has a `.zip` extension.  No others files are necessary

### Examples

* Binary - The binary example is based on the iris dataset with target `Species`
* regression - boston housing pricing dataset with target `MEDV`. 

### To run locally using 'drum'

To run these examples locally with `drum` installed, you must already have java 11 installed, or you can execute the examples with Docker.  

Paths are relative to `./datarobot-user-models/model_templates/inference` unless fully qualified

#### Binary 

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/binary --target-type binary --input ../../tests/testdata/iris_binary_training.csv --positive-class-label 1 --negative-class-label 0` 

#### Regression 

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/regression --target-type regression --input ../../tests/testdata/boston_housing.csv`

#### Docker

If you do not have Java 11 installed, please consider using docker.  

You can either provide the path to the Dockerfile

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/binary --target-type binary --input ../../tests/testdata/iris_binary_training.csv --positive-class-label 1 --negative-class-label 0 --docker ../../public_dropin_environments/java_h2o/`

or provide the name of the docker image that has already been built [Java H2O Drop-In Environment](../../public_dropin_environments/java_h2o/), for example, docker image is `drum_h2o`.

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/binary --target-type binary --input ../../tests/testdata/iris_binary_training.csv --positive-class-label 1 --negative-class-label 0 --docker drum_h2o`

Commit message:

* add multiclass support to H2OPredictor. * add h2o pojo and mojo multiclass examples to model templates * add to ./tests/conftest.py, ./test/drum/test_inference.py along with artifacts * update readme to reflect h2o support

model_templates/inference/h2o_mojo/README.md, after:

## H2O Mojo Template

These models are intended to work with the [Java H2O Drop-In Environment](../../public_dropin_environments/java_h2o/).

The models provided in each folder are H2O models exported as MOJOs.  For more details see [H2O MOJO](http://docs.h2o.ai/h2o/latest-stable/h2o-docs/productionizing.html)

The H2O model internals are used to provide the class names for the classification models. So while you must provide them on the command line utilities, they will not be passed through to the model.

### Instructions

Upload H2O Mojo file (Modern Object, Optimized) and use the Java H2O Drop-In Environment with it.  Mojo file has a `.zip` extension.  No others files are necessary

### Examples

* Binary - The binary example is based on the iris dataset with target `Species`
* Multiclass - multiclass example based on the galaxy dataset with target `class`
* regression - boston housing pricing dataset with target `MEDV`. 

### To run locally using 'drum'

To run these examples locally with `drum` installed, you must already have java 11 installed, or you can execute the examples with Docker.  

Paths are relative to `./datarobot-user-models/model_templates/inference` unless fully qualified

#### Binary 

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/binary --target-type binary --input ../../tests/testdata/iris_binary_training.csv --positive-class-label 1 --negative-class-label 0` 

#### Multiclass 

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/multiclass --target-type multiclass --input ../../tests/testdata/skyserver_sql2_27_2018_6_51_39_pm.csv` 

#### Regression 

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/regression --target-type regression --input ../../tests/testdata/boston_housing.csv`

#### Docker

If you do not have Java 11 installed, please consider using docker.  

You can either provide the path to the Dockerfile

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/binary --target-type binary --input ../../tests/testdata/iris_binary_training.csv --positive-class-label 1 --negative-class-label 0 --docker ../../public_dropin_environments/java_h2o/`

or provide the name of the docker image that has already been built [Java H2O Drop-In Environment](../../public_dropin_environments/java_h2o/), for example, docker image is `drum_h2o`.

`drum score --code-dir ./h2o_mojo/binary --target-type binary --input ../../tests/testdata/iris_binary_training.csv --positive-class-label 1 --negative-class-label 0 --docker drum_h2o`
